Add docker_m1 profile (#1942)
nf-core/tools: CHANGELOG.md

### Template

- Fix lint warnings for `samplesheet_check.nf` module

> - Add profile for running `docker` with the Apple M1 chips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add profile for running `docker` with the ARM chips (including Apple silicon).
```
